---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rizhiyi_alert Resource - terraform-provider-rizhiyi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rizhiyi_alert (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category` (Number) The monitoring types for the new Alert resource are as follows: 0.Event Count Monitoring, 1.Field Statistics Monitoring, 2.Continuous Statistics Monitoring, 3.Baseline Comparison Monitoring, 4.SPL Statistics Monitoring. (default value 0)
- `check_condition` (String) Monitoring trigger conditions for the Alert resource.
- `executor_id` (Number) User ID for executing the new Alert resource.（default value 0）
- `name` (String) Resource name for the new Alert resource.
- `query` (String) Search content for the alert resource.

### Optional

- `alert_metas` (List of String) Plugin data for the Alert resource (in JSON array string format), where each item in the array should provide the plugin's name, trigger level, configuration information, and change data.
- `alert_when_recover` (Boolean) Whether the Alert resource uses monitoring reply prompts.(default value false)
- `app_ids` (String) List of application IDs associated with the Alert resource, for example: 1, 2, 3.
- `check_condition_group` (String)
- `check_interval` (Number) The scheduled execution plan for the new Alert resource, fill in the interval in seconds for the scheduled execution plan, where 0 indicates no scheduled execution plan. (default value 0)
- `continuous_trigger_value` (Number)
- `crontab` (String) The crontab execution schedule for the alert resource, please provide the corresponding cron statement, for example, 0 * * * * ？, where 0 indicates not using the crontab execution schedule.
- `dataset_ids` (List of String) JSON string for the dataset node ID of the Alert resource.
- `description` (String) Description of the new Alert resource.
- `enabled` (Boolean) The field to enable monitoring for the Alert resource. (default value false)
- `extend_conf` (String) Fixed key-value for the extended search of the Alert resource.
- `extend_dataset_ids` (List of String) JSON string for the dataset node ID of the extended search in the Alert resource.
- `extend_query` (String) Search content for the extended search of the alert resource.
- `extend_use_spark` (Boolean) Whether the extended search of the Alert resource uses advanced mode. (default value false)
- `graph_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the extended search of the Alert resource has the effect illustration enabled. (default value false)
- `group_suppress_field` (String)
- `group_trigger_flag` (Boolean)
- `hosted_flag` (Boolean)
- `market_day` (Boolean) Whether the new Alert resource is executed only on the transaction day. (default value false)
- `max_restrain_interval` (Number) The doubling time (in seconds) for suppressing the cancellation of alert monitoring. (default value 0)
- `restrain_interval` (Number) Monitoring suppression time (in seconds) for the alert resource. (default value 0)
- `rt_names` (String) Resource group name to which the Alert resource belongs, for example: default_Alert, test.
- `schedule_priority` (Number)
- `schedule_window` (String)
- `segmentation_field` (String) Device split field for the Alert resource, an empty string indicates no device split.
- `statistics_field` (String)
- `topic` (String)
- `use_spark` (Boolean) Whether the Alert resource uses advanced mode. (default value false)
- `window` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
